README.md, before:

# DevTinder UI

--- create a Vite+ REact application for UI 
--- Remove Unnecessary code and create a hello world app
--- installed tailwind css
--- installed Daisy UI
--- Add Navbar compoent App.jsx
--- Created a NavBar.jsx Seperate Component
--- installed react router dom
--- Created a BrowserRouter > Routes > Route  = /Body > RouteChildren
--- created a Footer component
--- created a Login Page
--- installed axios for Api Call 
--- handle Login 
--- installed cors in backend => add middleware to with configuration : origin, credentials
--- whenever you're making API Call so pass axios: {withCredentials: true}
--- installed react-redux + @reduxjs/toolkit => configureStore  => Provide this store to the application => createSlice =>   
    add reducer to store
--- you should not be able to access other routes without login
--- if token is not present , redirect user to Login page
--- 










Body 
    NavBar
    Route = / => Feed
    Route = /login => Login
    Route = /connections => Connections
    Route = /profile => Profile

Commit message:

added logout api , feed slice to store feed related data

README.md, after:

# DevTinder UI

--- create a Vite+ REact application for UI 
--- Remove Unnecessary code and create a hello world app
--- installed tailwind css
--- installed Daisy UI
--- Add Navbar compoent App.jsx
--- Created a NavBar.jsx Seperate Component
--- installed react router dom
--- Created a BrowserRouter > Routes > Route  = /Body > RouteChildren
--- created a Footer component
--- created a Login Page
--- installed axios for Api Call 
--- handle Login 
--- installed cors in backend => add middleware to with configuration : origin, credentials
--- whenever you're making API Call so pass axios: {withCredentials: true}
--- installed react-redux + @reduxjs/toolkit => configureStore  => Provide this store to the application => createSlice =>   
    add reducer to store
--- you should not be able to access other routes without login
--- if token is not present , redirect user to Login page
--- Logout feature
--- get the feed and add feed in the store
--- built the user card on feed










Body 
    NavBar
    Route = / => Feed
    Route = /login => Login
    Route = /connections => Connections
    Route = /profile => Profile
